Docs release notes 11 7 24 (#19237)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/docs-release-notes/docs-11-08-2024.mdx

---
subject: "Docs"
releaseDate: '2024-11-08'
version: 'version: November 1-7, 2024'
---

### New docs

* [FOSSA integration](/docs/vulnerability-management/integrations/fossa/) describes how this new integration supports your application security initiatives by showing exploitable vulnerabilities in your open source libraries.

### Major changes

> * Reorganized the infrastructure docs category and aligned URLs with their location in the repository. Some behind-the-scenes work that makes it easier to find and work on these docs.

Reviewer: As a suggestion, I'd add the link to the infra docs

Author: I was on the fence about it, but I'll add a link if you think I should :)

* A significant rewrite of [.NET agent API](/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/net-agent-api/net-agent-api/) removed obsolete information, reorganized some content, updated example code, added more detail about what the APIs do, added a link to our sample code repo, and added ID tags to the distributed tracing APIs.

### Minor changes

* Added DynamoDB to [.NET agent compatibility and requirements](/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/getting-started/net-agent-compatibility-requirements/#database-core).

> * The tag `hostStatus: shutdown` prevents a loss of signal incident from being opened. We updated [create NRQL alert conditions](/docs/alerts/create-alert/create-alert-condition/create-nrql-alert-conditions/) and [loss of signal and gap filling NerdGraph tutorial](/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/nerdgraph-api-loss-signal-gap-filling/).

Author: ```suggestion
* The tag `hostStatus: shutdown` prevents the opening of a loss of signal incident. We updated [create NRQL alert conditions](/docs/alerts/create-alert/create-alert-condition/create-nrql-alert-conditions/) and [loss of signal and gap filling NerdGraph tutorial](/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/nerdgraph-api-loss-signal-gap-filling/).
```

* Updated [default infrastructure monitoring data](/docs/infrastructure/infrastructure-data/default-infra-data/) with our improved data aggregation.
* Added a [deprecation notice for Kubernetes](/eol/2024/10/deprecation-notice-v1.26-and-lower/).
* Improved readability in [create infrastructure "host not reporting" conditions](/docs/infrastructure/infrastructure-alerts/create-infrastructure-host-not-reporting-condition/).

> * In [layerless instrumentation](/docs/serverless-function-monitoring/aws-lambda-monitoring/instrument-lambda-function/enable-serverless-monitoring-aws-lambda-layerless/), added examples for the ES Module and new steps for installing the the Extension Only Layer.

Reviewer: There are 2 `the` here.
